website/docs: add Splunk event forwarding docs (#22938)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/sys-mgmt/events/log-forwarding.mdx

## Forward all event logs

Every authentik event creation is written to the container logs at the `info` log level. To collect all events, forward the log output from all authentik containers to your logging platform. This is the recommended option when you want a complete copy of authentik events outside authentik.

When another system becomes the long-term event store, consider reducing authentik's internal event retention period in **System** > **Settings**. For example, set the retention period to `days=1` if authentik only needs to keep a short local buffer.

## Forward selected events

To send selected events to another system, create an event matcher policy, a notification transport, and a notification rule. This forwards only events that match the notification rule, which is useful for security alerts, high-value audit events, or integrations that should receive a narrower event stream.

Notification transports can send events locally, by email, or to a webhook. Webhook transports can be adapted to systems that accept HTTP event ingestion.

## Log forwarding integrations

> For a worked example, see [Forward events to Splunk Enterprise](/integrations/log-forwarding/splunk-enterprise/). That guide uses Splunk HTTP Event Collector (HEC), a generic webhook notification transport, and a notification rule to forward matching authentik events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of integrating with a log forwarder, see [Forward events to Splunk Enterprise](/integrations/log-forwarding/splunk-enterprise/). That guide uses Splunk HTTP Event Collector (HEC), a generic webhook notification transport, and a notification rule to forward matching authentik events.
```
